The sound just now was so pleasant,
There was no old man’s look in my eyes yesterday,
It’s exactly the same look as Shen Xuan’s just now,
What is this old sick man doing at home?
Brother, if you have any wishes, please don’t come to me.
You brought this upon yourself,
They are all my disciples. I will circle you in a few years.
Don't do anything just for the sake of poaching,
But you refused to replace me,
This is great, I know what you are thinking,
Wait, I'll send you home right away to be with you, kid.
Boy, waiting for two people,
Your wild grandsons can be reunited,
Hurry, how long will it take you to finish that project?
No one sees you, what's the point?
Take good care of that piece of land to support your junior brother.
I let us get the blood rain beads
It’s also a fat white dog that gets a chance
It’s been a few years since I received the bonus on the 10th
Those villagers won't go anymore
That's not just raising a junior brother
I only know that you are an unreliable woman
In case of big eyes
We can't afford to be alone with six eyes
Eye paper stuffy news
What are you talking about?
Don't understand at all
What kind of atmosphere is the Six Eyes School, Eye Gate?
found you